feat: fcc-todo-app (#51367)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-localstorage-by-building-a-todo/64e4e6fe78b5aa67ef2fc3e7.md

---
id: 64e4e6fe78b5aa67ef2fc3e7
title: Step 3
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-3
---

# --description--

> Continuing the pattern, access the`discard-btn`, `tasks-container`, and `title-input` elements. Save them in the variables `discardBtn`, `tasksContainer`, and `titleInput` respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continuing the pattern, access the `discard-btn`, `tasks-container`, and `title-input` elements. Save them in the variables `discardBtn`, `tasksContainer`, and `titleInput` respectively.
```

---
id: 64e4e6fe78b5aa67ef2fc3e7
title: Step 3
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-3
---

# --description--

> Continuing the pattern, access the `discard-btn`, `tasks-container`, and `title-input` elements. Save them in the variables `discardBtn`, `tasksContainer`, and `titleInput` respectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, access the `discard-btn`, `tasks-container`, and `title-input` elements using the `getElementById()` method. Save them in variables named `discardBtn`, `tasksContainer`, and `titleInput`, respectively.
```
